Ciac 10544 rasterize handle regression regarding integration option parameter (#34695)
demisto/content: Packs/rasterize/Integrations/rasterize/rasterize_description.md

```
--disable-auto-reload,[--disable-dev-shm-usage]
```

> To accept different languages, use the Chrome option '--accept-lang' followed by the desired language. For example, for German, use: '--accept-lang=de-DE'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set a language for the browser, add the *--accept-lang* argument followed by the desired language code in IETF BCP 47 format. For example, `--accept-lang=de-DE`.
```
